Altered to proofs and Merkle root from community stand (#1)
sora-xor/community-referendum-proof-check: README.MD

# Referendum Vote Verifier

## Community test ⚠️

> This instruction contains proofs and Merkle root for Community test environment of Sora project. For Sora's production environment you can find instruction and code [here](https://github.com/sora-xor/referendum-proof-check).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This instruction contains proofs and Merkle root for Soralution (Community test environment) and NOT for the of Sora project itself. For Sora DAE production environment you can find instruction and code [here](https://github.com/sora-xor/referendum-proof-check).
```
